.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" * SPDX-License-Identifier: curl
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLINFO_WAS_PROXY 3 "16 Jan 2024" libcurl libcurl
.SH NAME
CURLINFO_WAS_PROXY \- whether the transfer used a proxy
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_getinfo(CURL *handle, CURLINFO_WAS_PROXY,
                           long *authp);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Pass a pointer to a long. It gets set to zero set if no proxy was used in the
previous transfer or a non-zero value if a proxy was used.
.SH PROTOCOLS
HTTP(S)
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
int main(int argc, char *argv[])
{
  CURL *curl = curl_easy_init();
  if(curl) {
    CURLcode res;
    curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_URL, argv[1]);
    curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_PROXY, "http://127.0.0.1:80");
    curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_NOPROXY, "example.com");

    res = curl_easy_perform(curl);

    if(!res) {
      /* extract the available proxy authentication types */
      long used;
      res = curl_easy_getinfo(curl, CURLINFO_WAS_PROXY, &used);
      if(!res) {
        printf("The proxy was %sused\\n", used ? "": "NOT ");
      }
    }
    curl_easy_cleanup(curl);
  }
}
.fi
.SH AVAILABILITY
Added in 8.7.0
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK if the option is supported, and CURLE_UNKNOWN_OPTION if not.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR curl_easy_getinfo (3),
.BR curl_easy_setopt (3),
.BR CURLOPT_PROXY (3),
.BR CURLOPT_NOPROXY (3)
